chore: Prepare release v3.6.0 (#735)
kreuzwerker/terraform-provider-docker: CHANGELOG.md

<a name="v3.6.0"></a>
## [v3.6.0](https://github.com/kreuzwerker/terraform-provider-docker/compare/v3.5.0...v3.6.0) (2025-05-24)

### Feat

* Implement correct cpu scheduler settings ([#732](https://github.com/kreuzwerker/terraform-provider-docker/issues/732))

> * Add implementaion of capabilities in docker servic ([#727](https://github.com/kreuzwerker/terraform-provider-docker/issues/727))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add implementation of capabilities in docker service ([#727](https://github.com/kreuzwerker/terraform-provider-docker/issues/727))
```
